OSDOCS-3917:Installing and Configuring the Network Observability operator (#53263)
openshift/openshift-docs: networking/network_observability/installing-operators.adoc

:_content-type: ASSEMBLY
[id="installing-network-observability-operators"]
= Installing the Network Observability operator
include::_attributes/common-attributes.adoc[]
:context: network_observability

toc::[]

> The Loki Operator integrates with the Network Observability operator to implement multi-tenancy & authentication. The Network Observability operator is not multi-tenant. Installing the Loki operator is a  prerequisite for using the Network Observability operator. You can install the the Loki Operator using the {product-title} web console Operator Hub.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Loki Operator integrates with the Network Observability operator to implement authentication. Installing the Loki operator is a prerequisite for using the Network Observability operator. You can install the the Loki Operator using the {product-title} web console Operator Hub. The Network Observability operator is not multi-tenant. You must provide a dedicated LokiStack instance for it.
```

We should mention to avoid sharing Loki Operator instances (nammed `LokiStack` in their operator)

:_content-type: ASSEMBLY
[id="installing-network-observability-operators"]
= Installing the Network Observability operator
include::_attributes/common-attributes.adoc[]
:context: network_observability

toc::[]
The Loki Operator integrates with the Network Observability operator to implement multi-tenancy & authentication. Installing the Loki operator is a  prerequisite for using the Network Observability operator. You can install the the Loki Operator using the {product-title} web console Operator Hub. 

[IMPORTANT]
====

> The Network Observability operator is not multi-tenant. You must provide a dedicated LokiStack instance for it.

Reviewer 2: Will this make sense to someone who isn't all the familiar with loki or even multi-tenancy?  
We might want to put some more context around what this means.

Author: @davegord I updated this to add more context around Loki, LokiStack and hopefully multi-tenancy within those connotations..borrowed a lot from the Logging Loki/LokiStack explanation, so hoping it all hangs here as well.

:_content-type: ASSEMBLY
[id="installing-network-observability-operators"]
= Installing the Network Observability operator
include::_attributes/common-attributes.adoc[]
:context: network_observability

toc::[]

> Installing the Loki Operator is a  prerequisite for using the Network Observability operator. The Loki Operator integrates a gateway that implements multi-tenancy & authentication with Loki for logging. The Network Observability Operator itself is not (yet) multi-tenant. 

Reviewer 3: Could we change this a little bit to say **Loki** is a prerequisite, and we recommend installing the **Loki Operator** ? 
This is more or less the same discussion I had with @xenolinux here: https://github.com/openshift/openshift-docs/pull/53360/files#diff-f1449138f2d1175df0811b265917416523d8c44352f06cdb14b13a11db3fca11R16
There are several ways to install Loki and we won't enforce a single one, but it's a recommendation.

Author: I instead tweaked the information here and also in modules/network-observability-loki-install.adoc

> Installing the Loki Operator is a  prerequisite for using the Network Observability operator. The Loki Operator integrates a gateway that implements multi-tenancy & authentication with Loki for logging. The Network Observability Operator itself is not (yet) multi-tenant. 

Author: Addressed

> The *LokiStack* combines *Loki*, which is a scalable, highly-available, multi-tenant log aggregation system, and a web proxy with {product-title} authentication. The *LokiStack* proxy uses {product-title} authentication to enforce multi-tenancy and facilitate the saving and indexing of data in *Loki* log stores. 

Author: @stleerh I struggled with this verb choice...ACK manages it is :D lol

:_content-type: ASSEMBLY
[id="installing-network-observability-operators"]

> = Installing the Network Observability operator

Reviewer 4: Operator should be capitalized.

Author: The really dumb thing about me not capitalizing this is that I had multiple convos with people about this and then didn't uniformly capitalize in my own docs. Anyways, thanks for pointing all these out to me.

include::_attributes/common-attributes.adoc[]
:context: network_observability

toc::[]

> Installing Loki is a prerequisite for using the Network Observability operator. It is recommended to install Loki using the Loki Operator; therefore these steps are documented below prior to the Network Observability Operator installation.

Reviewer 4: Operator should be capitalized. Comma after therefore.

The Loki Operator integrates a gateway that implements multi-tenancy & authentication with Loki for data flow storage. The *LokiStack* resource manages *Loki*, which is a scalable, highly-available, multitenant log aggregation system, and a web proxy with {product-title} authentication. The *LokiStack* proxy uses {product-title} authentication to enforce multi-tenancy and facilitate the saving and indexing of data in *Loki* log stores. 

[NOTE]
====

> The Loki Operator can also be used for xref:../../logging/cluster-logging-loki.adoc#cluster-logging-loki[Logging with the LokiStack]. The Network Observability operator requires a dedicated LokiStack separate from Logging.

Reviewer 4: Operator should be capitalized.

====

include::modules/network-observability-loki-install.adoc[leveloffset=+1]
include::modules/network-observability-lokistack-create.adoc[leveloffset=+2]
include::modules/network-observability-roles-create.adoc[leveloffset=+1]
include::modules/network-observability-kafka-option.adoc[leveloffset=+1]
include::modules/network-observability-operator-install.adoc[leveloffset=+1]

> .Additional resources

Reviewer 4: Additional resources should have [role="_additional-resources"] on the preceding line.
